2.14.11 release notes (#11429)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

Use any image name to build and push to this registry by default:

╭─────────────────────────── example_deploy_script.py ───────────────────────────╮
│ from prefect import flow                                                       │
│ from prefect.deployments import DeploymentImage                                │
│                                                                                │
│                                                                                │
│ @flow(log_prints=True)                                                         │
│ def my_flow(name: str = "world"):                                              │
│     print(f"Hello {name}! I'm a flow running on an Azure Container Instance!") │
│                                                                                │
│                                                                                │
│ if __name__ == "__main__":                                                     │
│     my_flow.deploy(                                                            │
│         name="my-deployment",                                                  │

> │         image=DeploymentImage(                                                 │

Reviewer: Include `work_pool_name` here?

- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11381
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11412

### Enhancements
- Add the ability to publish `KubernetesJob` blocks as work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11347
- Add setting to configure a default Docker namespace for image builds — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11378
- Add the ability to provision an ECR repository for ECS push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11382
- Add ability to provision an Artifact Registry repository for Cloud Run push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11399
- Add ability to provision an Azure Container Registry for Azure Container Instance push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11387
- Add support for `is_schedule_active` to `flow.deploy` and `flow.serve` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11375
- Allow users to select relative and fixed date ranges to filter the dashboard — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11406
- Add support for arbitrary sink types to `prefect.utilities.processutils.stream_text` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11298

> - Update the deployments table to add run activity and separate out the deployment and flow names — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11394

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the UI deployments table to add run activity and separate out the deployment and flow names — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11394
```

### Fixes

> - Fiex bug where a pause state reused an existing state ID — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11405

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug where a pause state reused an existing state ID — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11405
```

- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11381
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11412

### Enhancements
- Add the ability to publish `KubernetesJob` blocks as work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11347
- Add setting to configure a default Docker namespace for image builds — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11378
- Add the ability to provision an ECR repository for ECS push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11382
- Add ability to provision an Artifact Registry repository for Cloud Run push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11399
- Add ability to provision an Azure Container Registry for Azure Container Instance push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11387
- Add support for `is_schedule_active` to `flow.deploy` and `flow.serve` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11375
- Allow users to select relative and fixed date ranges to filter the dashboard — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11406
- Add support for arbitrary sink types to `prefect.utilities.processutils.stream_text` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11298

> - Update the UI deployments table to add run activity and separate out the deployment and flow names — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11394  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the UI deployments table to add run activity and separate out the deployment and flow names — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11394  
- Update workspace dashboard filters to use new date range component - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1937
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.14.11

> ### Customize resource name when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Customize resource names when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools
```

> ### Customize resource name when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools

Reviewer 2: We should probably call this out as being Cloud only?

Author: We haven't explicitly mentioned that for previous highlights. Push work pools are well known, so I'd say it's implied that this can only be used with Cloud.

> In the past few releases we've added the ability to provision infrastructure for push work pools via the CLI. This release adds the ability to customize the name of the resources created in your cloud environment when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools so you can follow your organization's naming conventions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the past few releases, we've added the ability to provision infrastructure for push work pools via the CLI. This release adds the ability to customize the name of the resources created in your cloud environment when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools so you can follow your organization's naming conventions.
```

> In the past few releases, we've added the ability to provision infrastructure for push work pools via the CLI. This release adds the ability to customize the name of the resources created in your cloud environment when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools so you can follow your organization's naming conventions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the past few releases, we've added the ability to provision infrastructure for push work pools via the CLI. This release adds the ability to customize the name of the resources created in your cloud environment when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools so you can follow your organizations naming conventions.
```

Author: I think it should be possessive? The user's organization is the one with the naming conventions.

Reviewer 2: wow ok yeah ignore me

> In the past few releases, we've added the ability to provision infrastructure for push work pools via the CLI. This release adds the ability to customize the name of the resources created in your cloud environment when provisioning infrastructure for push work pools so you can follow your organization's naming conventions.

Reviewer 2: we might even do well to link to the docs on push work pools here?

Author: There's a link at the bottom

Reviewer 2: ah, I see that now, I'm spitballing as I go

│         image=DeploymentImage(                                                 │
│             name="my-image:latest",                                            │
│             platform="linux/amd64",                                            │
│         )                                                                      │
│     )                                                                          │
╰────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Infrastructure successfully provisioned for 'new-work-pool' work pool!
Created work pool 'new-work-pool'!
```

Using a push work pool with automatic infrastructure provisioning is a great way to get started with a production-level Prefect set up in minutes! Check out our [push work pool guide](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/guides/deployment/push-work-pools/) for step-by-step instructions on how to get started!

See the following pull requests for implementation details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11407
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11381
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11412

### An updated date time input on the workspace dashboard

> We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives greater control over the dashboard. You can now filter by days, hours, and even minutes. You can also specify a specific date and time range to filter by. You can also go backwards and forwards in time using that time window, for example, you can scroll through by hour.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives you greater control over the dashboard. You can now filter by minutes hours, and days, even specifying a specific date and time range by which to filter. The ability to scroll through by hour allows for navigating backwards and forwards in time using the specified time window.
```

> We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives greater control over what the dashboard shows. You can now filter the dashboard by minutes, hours, and days. You can also specify a specific date and time range to filter by. Once you've chosen your time and date window, you can also go back and forward in time using that time window, for example, you can scroll through by hour.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives greater control over the dashboard. You can now filter by days, hours, and even minutes. You can also specify a specific date and time range to filter by. You can also go backwards and forwards in time using that time window, for example, you can scroll through by hour.  
```

> Click below to see it in action!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See it in action!
```

- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1937
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-design/pull/1048

### Enhancements
- Add the ability to publish `KubernetesJob` blocks as work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11347
- Add setting to configure a default Docker namespace for image builds — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11378
- Add the ability to provision an ECR repository for ECS push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11382
- Add ability to provision an Artifact Registry repository for Cloud Run push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11399
- Add ability to provision an Azure Container Registry for Azure Container Instance push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11387
- Add support for `is_schedule_active` to `flow.deploy` and `flow.serve` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11375
- Allow users to select relative and fixed date ranges to filter the dashboard — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11406
- Add support for arbitrary sink types to `prefect.utilities.processutils.stream_text` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11298

> - Update the UI deployments table to add run activity and separate out the deployment and flow names — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11394  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update the Prefect UI deployments page to add run activity and separate out the deployment and flow names — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11394  
```

I think this is true?

> - Update workspace dashboard filters to use new date range component - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1937

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update Prefect UI workspace dashboard filters to use new date range component - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1937
```

### Fixes

> - Fix bug where a pause state reused an existing state ID — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11405

Reviewer 2: a `paused` state? 

" fixing a pause/resume bug with tasks" or something?

### Experimental
- Build out API for creating/reading/deleting flow run inputs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11363
- Integrate flow run input and schema/response mechanics into pause/suspend — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11376
- Add typing overloads for pause/suspend methods — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11403

> - Use bytes for `value` in `create_flow_run_input` for cloud compatibility — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11421

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use bytes for `value` in `create_flow_run_input` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11421
```
or else "Prefect Cloud"

- Validate run input when resuming flow runs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11396
- Run existing deployments via the `Runner` webserver — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11333

### Documentation
- Add instructions for automatic infrastructure provisioning to the push work pools guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11316
- Fix broken links in states concept doc and daemonize guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11374

> - Update agent upgrade guide to include `flow.deploy` and examples — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11373

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update Agent Upgrade guide to include `flow.deploy` and examples — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11373
```

> - Update block document names in moving data guide  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11386

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update block document names in Moving Data guide  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11386
```

> - Change `Guides` title to` How-to Guides` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11388

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Rename `Guides` to` How-to Guides` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11388
```
